`select_points.py` is given as a helper script to corresponding points between two images.
It needs some configuration to correctly read the necessary image set properly.

You should set the following parameters in the script:
```
# === CONFIGURATION ===
set_name = "paris"
num_images = 3
num_points = 5

# List images in LEFT-TO-RIGHT order
image_names = [
    "paris_a.jpg",
    "paris_b.jpg",
    "paris_c.jpg",
    # "left_2.jpg",
    # "left_1.jpg",
    # "middle.jpg",
    # "right_1.jpg",
    # "right_2.jpg",
]

output_dir = f"./points/{set_name}"
```


`main.py` is the main script to run the image matching and 3D reconstruction pipeline.
It reads the points from the files generated by `select_points.py` and saved in the `./points/{set_name}` directory.
It applies all stitching techniques required by the assignment for all 3 image sets and saves the results in the configured output directory.

Currently, the output directory is configured to save the resulting canvases in the `/normalized` directory.

It outputs the following images:
- `paris_panorama.jpg`: Constructed by taking paris_b as the base image.
- `cmpe_building_left_to_right.jpg`: Applied left-to-right stitching.
- `cmpe_building_middle_out.jpg`: Applied middle-out stitching.
- `cmpe_building_first_out_then_middle:jpg`: Applied first-out then middle stitching.
- `north_campus_left_to_right.jpg`: Applied left-to-right stitching.
- `north_campus_middle_out.jpg`: Applied middle-out stitching.
- `north_campus_first_out_then_middle.jpg`: Applied first-out then middle stitching.

Finally, there are some possible configuration that can be set in `main.py`, such as:
- `stitch_five_images_direct` method takes `method` and `normalize` parameters to configure the stitching method and whether to normalize the images.
- Also, each output directory can be configured in the respective stitching functions.

